[AUDIO LOGO]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>JIMMY CHURCH: I'm radio and
television host Jimmy Church.
And I'm here to uncover
the truth about some
of life's biggest mysteries.
If this is revealed,
everything has to be rewritten.
My guest today is
Melinda Leslie,
a researcher of ufology with
over 30 years of experience
investigating the contact
phenomenon and the US
intelligence agency
involvement with UFOs.
>>MELINDA LESLIE: What is
in the Wilson Davis notes
about there being
crash retrievals,
a reverse engineering
program, existing craft
in our possessions.
I mean, that is
absolutely explosive.
>>JIMMY: Technical
assistant Josh.
Josh, can you pull up the map?
>>JOSH: Yeah.
>>JIMMY: Also joins us
to help set the scenes.
Join us as we deep dive to
get to the bottom of some
of the most intriguing
questions of our time.
>>LESLIE: In the UFO
research community,
we always knew the cover up
had become a corporate secret.
If this is so, a congressional
investigation has to happen.
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JIMMY: Hi, welcome
to "Into the Vortex."
I'm your host Jimmy Church.
And in this episode, we're going
to be discussing the Wilson
Davis document, which
may be one of the most
important revelations
on the UFO subject
of this century or any other.
And our guest today
is Melinda Leslie.
Melinda, welcome.
>>LESLIE: Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
>>JIMMY: It's great
to have you here.
And I'm going to throw this
over to Josh real quick.
>>JOSH: Yes.
>>JIMMY: Are you familiar with
the Wilson Davis document?
>>JOSH: I am, and I'm
fascinated and I'm
excited to go deeper on it.
>>JIMMY: One of the most
important things, Josh,
that we're going
to get into today
is the community
always wants supporting
evidence and witnesses.
And we've always been
one step short of that.
The Wilson Davis document has
given us supporting evidence.
>>JOSH: Yeah.
>>JIMMY: Witnesses
have now come forward
and on the record,
which now suggests
that the document is exactly
what it suggests that it is.
And I think it's
very, very important.
Are you ready for this?
This is going to be a big show.
>>JOSH: It could be
paradigm-shifting.
Yes, I'm ready.
>>JIMMY: Melinda.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: The Wilson Davis
document, let's start there.
For those that may not
be familiar with what
we're talking about--
>>LESLIE: Sure.
>>JIMMY: --what is the
Wilson Davis document?
>>LESLIE: Well,
it's meeting notes
from a meeting between Admiral
Thomas Wilson and scientist Dr.
Eric Davis.
So Dr. Davis apparently
was taking notes
during the meeting and/or--
we're not sure-- he
may have recorded it,
and then this is the
transcript of his.
But the discussion
was specifically
about Admiral Wilson
had had a briefing
by the hands of
veteran researcher
in the field, Steven Greer.
And Steven Greer went with
Shari Adamiak, his assistant
at the time, Will Miller,
another gentleman,
and the late Dr. Edgar Mitchell,
the astronaut Edgar Mitchell.
And they had said
something to Wilson
and given him a briefing
on Greer's understanding
that there were
reverse engineering
programs and technology being
developed-- meaning UFO reverse
engineering-- and technology
being developed from materials
and possible craft retrieved
in crash retrievals
by the US government.
Whenever they got
this meeting and they
shared this information with
the admiral, and he said,
I don't know
anything about this,
I'm going to look into it.
What he did is being
in his position,
he went to the guys that
managed the SAP program--
special access and
unacknowledged special access
programs-- which allocate
money and give money
to black projects and
military development projects.
And he went to them and
he said, is this true?
Is money going to
these organizations
and to the development by any
aerospace companies to do this?
And they basically said,
yes, but we can't really
talk about it.
Ask these guys.
Put him in touch with folks
at one of the major aerospace
companies.
We don't know for sure--
it doesn't mention
in the notes from the meeting
the name of the aerospace
company, but we
have every reason
to believe it's
probably Lockheed,
just from-- it makes sense
that that's probably the case.
But regardless, he goes there.
He meets with the people running
the reverse engineering program
at this aerospace company.
And he basically says, I want
to know what you're working on.
They tell them what they
can, but then they said,
you're not read in on this.
You don't have the
clearance to know.
And he said, well,
wait a second,
I'm the head of the
Joint Chiefs of Staff.
>>JIMMY: I'm J2.
>>LESLIE: Yeah, yeah, exactly.
And whether you get the funding
or not depends on me and people
under me.
So whether you guys get any of
your military project funding
from the government,
it's up to me.
And they basically said, nope,
you're not in need to know.
This is-- and here's the rub--
this is a corporate secret.
In the UFO research
community, we always
knew that probably the cover up
had become a corporate secret.
Well, this document helps--
it's evidence in
support of that.
That yes, that
these notes say this
became a corporate secret that.
And it was even out
of his hands to be
able to find out about it.
But I want to say,
for your viewers,
the significance of the
Wilson Davis document--
the bottom line
significance-- is
it's very much about the fact
that there is crash retrievals,
that they're being
reverse engineered,
that that technology is
being worked on by aerospace
companies, that the
approval process is
through the SAP,
Special Access Programs,
and the unacknowledged
special access programs.
And that they're
getting for development
of military technology, funding.
And so the UFO subject has
become a corporate secret.
The government let it
out of their hands.
And the importance
of this document
is it's meeting notes that
suggests that whole thing.
That it's a reverse
engineering program,
crash retrievals,
that it's in the hands
of corporate entities,
and that someone
as high up as Admiral Wilson
couldn't have access to it.
>>JIMMY: There's no oversight.
>>LESLIE: Yeah, exactly.
>>JIMMY: And they
felt that they didn't
have to answer to anybody,
including Admiral Wilson.
And so to back up
and to summarize
what we're talking
about here, is
you have the Former Rear Admiral
J2 in the back of a car having
a conversation with Eric Davis
behind the EG&G Building in Las
Vegas.
EG&G, Josh--
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: --is the company that
runs Janet Airlines that flies
in the employees at Area 51.
So here we are at the center
of the UFO alien universe, Las
Vegas, Area 51, and this
conversation happens.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: Eric Davis
wrote everything down
and summarized in the notes.
>>LESLIE: And/or recorded it.
>>JIMMY: And here's the thing.
And this is where the
notes themselves-- this
is not an official
government document.
So it's not a FOIA thing and
there's not a document number
assigned to it.
It's a direct recollection
of this conversation.
But there are names in this.
And when you read
the document itself--
and there's a letter
in there from Will
Miller and some other things--
that would strongly
suggest a huge cover up.
And that the public
does not have a need
to know about what's going on.
And you can complain
all you want,
but we're in control of
this and you are not.
So that's where we are
with this document.
Now, Melinda, you
mentioned Oke Shannon.
Now if we go to page one, this
is the first page of the notes.
And the reason why Oke
Shannon's name is so important
here is it's mentioned at
the front of this document.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: Eric Davis was
friends with Oke Shannon.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: Eric Davis was
vetted by Oke Shannon
to Admiral Wilson.
And all of this was
just brought forward
when Oke Shannon, whose name is
right here on the front page,
decided to come forward and
speak publicly about this.
Suddenly we can put a
face behind the name on--
and he is supporting some of
this evidence that is there.
Now, we have two sets of notes.
And one set of notes
was from Oke Shannon.
We now have this, and we'll
get to that in just a second.
Another set of notes
came from Jack Houck.
And that came from you, Melinda.
You have been in
possession of these notes
for a very long time.
And you mentioned that both
Oke's notes and Jack's notes
support a bigger story.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: What are
you referring to?
>>LESLIE: The history of
the Working Group, otherwise
the Advanced Theoretical
Physics Working Group.
It evolved over time, and they
took on different projects
and changed names.
But just really quick, the
Advanced Theoretical Physics
Working Group meeting in '85
became known shortly thereafter
as the Aviary, because
two major researchers
in the field dealing with
the various guys involved
in this group said, we
got to have a code name
so we can email and
talk to each other
and no one will know
what we're talking about.
And that was Bill Murray
and Jamie Chandray.
So they called them
these bird names,
and collectively, the Aviary.
So it's the history
of the Aviary.
And then it goes into
what was loosely called
for a while the Bigelow Group.
They started to get
funding by Robert Bigelow.
That then morphed,
if you will, morphed
into NIDS, National Institute
of Discovery Science, which
morphed into BAASS, Bigelow
Aerospace Advanced Space
Studies--
Advanced Science
Studies, excuse me.
Became BAASS.
BAASS then and Bigelow and
all the people involved then
were going after Pentagon money.
And once they got
Pentagon money,
the Pentagon said,
OK, we're giving this
a name for our project now.
That became AWSAP--
Advanced Weapons Space
Application Program.
I forget.
AWSAP, if you remember.
>>JOSH: A lot of acronyms.
>>LESLIE: Yeah, but
that became AWSAP.
And then under AWSAP was AATIP.
And then you have the Lue
Elizondo story coming forward
and his position with AATIP,
which was under AWSAP,
we know that now.
And then To The Stars Academy.
So this keeps
morphing over time.
This group of people, it's not
always been the same people.
People have come and gone--
>>JIMMY: Oh, there's
been a lot of overlap.
>>LESLIE: Yeah, there's
>>JIMMY: There's a lot.
You see the same characters.
>>LESLIE: Is the history
of the whole thing.
>>JIMMY: Right.
>>LESLIE: To The Stars,
AATIP, AWSAP, BAASS, NIDS--
NIDS period is when Wilson
Davis happened, the meeting--
and then before that, Bigelow
Group, and then Aviary,
and then--
>>JIMMY: They began.
>>LESLIE: You got it.
It's all connected.
It's a huge story.
>>JIMMY: What is most
significant about all of this
is that Grant Cameron--
>>LESLIE: That's right.
>>JIMMY: --had these
notes for 20 years--
>>LESLIE: That's right.
>>JIMMY: --that were given
to him by Eric Davis.
>>LESLIE: Exactly.
>>JIMMY: It's such a significant
point that all of this
starts to come together and
support the Wilson Davis
document.
>>LESLIE: That's right.
That's right.
And he had promised Eric that at
the time, when Eric Davis gave
these Oke Shannon notes--
so these are Oke Shannon's
notes from the original meeting
at BDM.
Eric gave them to him and said,
you can't go forward with these
till Oke Shannon passes away.
>>JIMMY: And here we have on
page one of Oke Shannon's notes
are the clearance--
security clearance
to get into BDM.
But here it is, and all of
this supports the verbiage
that is in Eric Davis's notes--
>>LESLIE: That's right.
>>JIMMY: --from the meeting
with Admiral Wilson.
It's tremendous.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: So how did
you get in possession
of Jack Houck's notes?
>>LESLIE: So the reason I
came forward with Jack's notes
was Jack's notes are more notes
from that original meeting
supporting Oke Shannon and
the significance of him being
in this document and
the working group
and why Eric was sent
by the working group
to meet with the Admiral.
So this is backup
documentation, if you will,
in support of all that.
And so, I knew Jack
Houck for years.
A long story there, but
he was a personal friend.
He was known for
teaching psychokinesis,
manipulating matter
with your mind classes.
And also remote viewing.
I had taken those from him.
And he was at that
original meeting.
Someone else involved,
long story short,
had told me about
the original meeting.
And I eventually asked Jack
about it, and he confirmed it.
He never gave me any
documentation or anything
while he was alive.
But after he passed, his
wife, who I got to know,
and another friend of mine
gave this other friend of mine,
another research in the
field, and gave us and said,
would you guys like
these files that Jack
had in his office at home?
And so we said, yes.
And then so my friend went and
picked up from Jack's house
from his wife two file boxes.
And in these file boxes were a
couple of interesting things.
But most notably were
the original agenda
and notes, handwritten
notes by Jack Houck.
Does it help prove Wilson Davis?
No.
Except for in there is
mentioned Oke Shannon.
And the documents talk about the
Advanced Physics group, the AP
group, and the meeting
at BDM corporation.
And what they were all about.
So it's the complete
outline of what was going
to happen in that meeting.
And when you take Oke's notes,
they dovetail perfectly.
So when you have Jack's
notes, Oke's notes follow it
and you can tell
exactly what's going on.
>>JIMMY: And they're all dated.
>>LESLIE: In the meeting.
And they're all dated.
>>JIMMY: They're all dated and
they match the clearance form.
>>LESLIE: Yeah.
So I came forward with
Jack's, which I had gotten
and I'd had it, like you
said, in my possession
for many years.
But when Oke went
public and mentioned
that everything Admiral
was quoting him saying
was accurate, at that
point, Grant Cameron says,
well, I don't need to sit on
my set of Oke Shannon notes
anymore.
Oke's gone public about it.
So if he's gone
public, I don't have
to wait till they passes like he
had promised Eric Davis, right?
So he goes public.
So he puts the notes.
And then I said,
Grant, why don't I
back up-- you're putting
Oke's notes out--
by putting Jack's
with them because they
tell a bigger story together.
So that's why I came
forward with Jack's notes.
>>JIMMY: Is this
the first time where
we have a document-- the
UFO community is used
to getting excited,
getting built up,
and then the balloon pops
and something happens
and the story falls apart.
And we're used to this.
We're acclimated to it.
>>LESLIE: Sure.
>>JIMMY: But this time, it
seems completely different.
We have the Wilson
Davis document,
which in and of itself
is pretty significant.
But now we have two sets
of supporting documents
that indirectly absolutely
support Wilson Davis.
But we have a
witness that is named
in these documents
that has come forward
and confirmed the entire story.
Is this the first time
where this has all
come together for us?
>>LESLIE: I think it's just
unfolded so beautifully.
I don't know if
it's the first time,
but I know it's so
significant because, again,
what is in the
Wilson Davis notes
about there being
crash retrievals,
a reverse engineering
program, existing
craft in our possession,
the government
had these game two
aerospace communities--
I mean, that is absolutely
explosive if all true.
Now, Admiral Wilson, as
we're saying, has denied.
But it says in the document--
it says, if this ever comes out,
I will deny it.
But we're hearing
through the grapevine,
because we have congressional
hearings coming up again
and because the NDAA, National
Defense Authorization Act,
has in it now what we
call amnesty legislation,
to go give amnesty to people
involved in these programs.
Because the Senate and
Congress said, we want to know.
We want to know, is there
these crash retrievals?
Is there this
reverse engineering?
Is it being developed?
Where's the money going?
And they want to know that.
>>JIMMY: And there should
be a certain amount
of protection for any witnesses
that would come aboard.
>>LESLIE: And so
what we're hearing
through the grapevine
is both Eric Davis
and Admiral Wilson have
already been asked to testify.
>>JOSH: Oh.
>>LESLIE: And yeah.
So Eric apparently
told Garry Nolan--
Dr. Garry Nolan.
They were both in this
group together going back.
And Garry has said in
multiple interviews now,
I briefed Congressman Gallagher.
Well, Congressman Gallagher
read the Wilson Davis notes
into the public record, into
the congressional record,
last May when Congress
had public hearings on--
>>JIMMY: A huge
significant moment.
>>LESLIE: Yeah.
>>JIMMY: And now if we have--
staying on this-- if we
have another hearing,
and I understand that this
is imminent and possible,
would we expect
both sets of notes
to be brought into the
public record, too, as well?
>>LESLIE: I don't think Congress
and Senate know anything
about the Shannon
and Houck notes
on the original
working group meeting.
That would be very interesting
if that was to happen.
But the Wilson Davis
notes have already
been read into the record.
And the congressman
had said to the guys
heading up the UAP Task
Force for the Pentagon.
And when they did
this hearing, it
was to ask them
for their findings.
What have you come across?
And to speed up the process.
Well, these guys denied
knowing anything about this.
Which is probably true.
They probably didn't.
But the congressman said,
next time we meet, I
want you guys to
know all about this.
And then he had it
read into the record.
So we know it's going
to come up again.
And I think it stands
to reason-- like I said,
we're hearing
through the grapevine
that both Eric Davis
and Admiral Wilson
have been asked to testify.
And I'm sure if Admiral
Wilson is put before Congress
to testify, particularly if
it follows up Eric Davis,
I doubt he'll say, there was
no meeting, it didn't happen.
I think he'll back them up.
But the one who gave them to
the congressman, Garry Nolan,
has said in multiple
interviews now--
Dr. Garry Nolan has said,
my friend Eric Davis
says the meeting happened,
says it happened,
and says that that's
a true account of it.
>>JIMMY: There was a very
significant comment from what
we can assume as Lockheed
Skunkworks, where
you had an engineer
and you had a lawyer
and you had the head of
security with Admiral Wilson.
And the conversation started
to get elevated, colorful.
I don't want to use
the word negative,
but it was very standoffish.
And the three
gentlemen from Lockheed
then said to Admiral Wilson,
well, OK, we might as well tell
you what's going on.
And I think it was the head
of security said, well,
go ahead and say it.
I'm paraphrasing here.
>>LESLIE: Yes, sure.
>>JIMMY: And Admiral
Wilson says, well,
what are you talking about?
And they said, it's aliens.
We are back engineering.
We have a craft.
>>LESLIE: We have a craft.
>>JIMMY: And we
think it can fly.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: And that's
what we are doing here.
Admiral Wilson at that
point, his response
was, now I understand.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: This is elevated in a
level of secrecy above anything
that I can know about.
And here's the
significant point.
They then said, you can
go back to Washington.
You can cry.
You can scream.
You can yell.
But there's nothing
you can do about it.
Have a nice day.
And he says he jumps on a plane
and flies back to Washington DC
and does just that.
>>LESLIE: Yes.
>>JIMMY: And everybody
told him to behave.
When you read
something like that,
is that exactly what has been
going on in our community?
>>LESLIE: Well, exactly.
Like I said earlier, I think
the subject has gotten out
of the control of
government when
it's gone into corporate hands.
And so it's no longer
the government's secret,
it becomes a corporate secret.
And I think that's a
huge, huge problem.
And it speaks to the nature
of the way the cover up works.
And I think Senate and Congress,
if they have the chutzpah,
if they have the
fortitude to push this,
if they have Eric Davis
and Admiral Wilson testify
that that meeting happened
and that that whole experience
that Admiral was sharing.
I mean, it's a big if.
But we're hoping this
is what will happen.
Because it will take
incredible fortitude,
like I was saying, by
Congress to both do that
and then to go the next step.
Because if this is so, a
congressional investigation
has to happen.
>>JIMMY: I agree with you.
And to support all
of this, you've
been doing this for
a very long time.
I'm going to share
this with you, Josh.
I was with Melinda 10 years ago.
And we were out with a couple
hundred of our friends.
And I've had many
sightings, but I
had my first very
significant sighting
on this particular night.
One that brought me to my knees.
And it was Melinda that
picked me up off the ground.
And it turned out to be a
very, very big deal that night.
And you've been doing
this for so very long.
And here we--
>>LESLIE: I've been in the UFO
research field for 33 years
now.
>>JIMMY: 33 years.
And here we are today
talking about something
this significant.
And you're part of it, and
you deserve the recognition
of what's going on.
>>LESLIE: Now, here's
a little side thing
we hadn't brought up.
In the Wilson Davis notes,
there's a reference.
When Admiral Wilson
is telling Eric
about knowing the history of the
group, he says the AP-10 group.
>>JIMMY: That's right.
>>LESLIE: Yeah.
And in the original
85 notes that
were written by Oke Shannon,
in his own handwriting,
it says the Advanced Physics
Group, dash T-E-N. And under it
literally in parentheses, AP-10.
Everyone wondered,
what is that code name?
What is that code
name referring to?
Now, for someone
like me that's been
researching the history of the
Working Group for 30 years,
I knew.
I'm like, OK, I knew this
is the Working Group.
But in Oke's handwritten
notes that Grant
had in his possession
all these years,
there it says
right there, AP-10.
And that's clearly what Wilson
is specifically referencing
by the exact same code name.
I mean, the chance of
having that in there
and having that written
there was just phenomenal.
I think where the rubber meets
the road on this whole thing
is, as I said
before, if Congress
is willing to do the work
and dig and pull that string
and start to unravel
that ball of yarn,
that we're talking
crash retrievals,
reverse engineering,
where the money has gone,
how the cover up
has been managed.
I think it's all in there.
That's the significance
of the Wilson Davis notes.
>>JIMMY: Yeah, it said
earlier that it may not prove
that the meeting happened.
Although that's true.
It's harder now
for those that were
participants in this meeting
to deny that it happened.
And I think that's
the significance--
>>LESLIE: Especially
when you get to something
as absolutely specific as the
reference to the AP-10 group.
I mean, what is the
chance of that exact code?
Again, it's not proof, but it's
incredible supporting evidence.
>>JIMMY: Now, in
closing, lots of promises
were made to us for 2022.
We were supposed to get
a couple of reports.
One that was public and
one at the six-month mark.
We missed that.
That didn't happen.
>>JOSH: Oh, yeah.
>>JIMMY: We were supposed
to get a classified report
at the end of December
before the close of the year.
That's still waiting to be seen.
And we were supposed to have
another congressional hearing.
And there are rumors and
chatter going around right now,
and we will see, that there is
something significant that's
supposed to happen in
the next couple of weeks.
>>LESLIE: Yeah.
>>JIMMY: What do you
think we're going
to see in the last quarter?
>>LESLIE: We're supposed to get
the task force-- another task
force report.
Now, the last one, people
said was a nothing burger
because when it came out,
it was just six pages long
and didn't have that much.
It had some interesting
stuff in it,
but nothing really revelatory.
We'll see this time if we
get a little more-- we're all
hoping, of course, in this UFO
field, that we'll get more.
So hopefully that
that'll be on track.
And it's like, wait and see.
>>JIMMY: Right, right.
>>LESLIE: But meanwhile, because
the House and the Senate has
passed the legislation for the--
I hear it's 31 pages
out of the NDAA.
I haven't read it word
for word, but I've loosely
gone through it.
But giving, like we
said, the amnesty.
So obviously there's
the intent there
to have more hearings
and public hearings.
That's why they're
giving these people
three years of permission
without breaking their security
clearances.
Or their--
>>JIMMY: A threat
to their career.
A threat to their career.
>>LESLIE: Nondisclosure
agreements, yeah.
So that they can come forward.
>>JIMMY: Right.
>>LESLIE: So obviously, I think
the fact that that's in there,
there's every intent for
there to be more hearings.
So it's a very exciting
time to be in this field,
because those hearings--
and they're going to have
multiple military witnesses.
I mean, it's not just
about this document.
It's about all the military
witnesses and insiders
and whistleblower
types that they've been
meeting with in closed doors.
Hopefully some of
those will now be
able to testify in
a public hearing.
And you guys, we're in
the era of disclosure.
It's happening, it's coming.
>>JOSH: Here, here.
>>JIMMY: Yeah.
I'm happy for you because
you can now march around go,
I told you so.
[LAUGHTER]
Melinda Leslie,
thank you so much.
What a great conversation.
>>LESLIE: Thank you.
Thank you for having me.
>>JIMMY: Thank you
for being here.
Josh, what'd you learn, man?
Are you ready?
>>JOSH: I am ready.
I'm excited.
I was born for this year.
>>JIMMY: Another episode
of "Into the Vortex."
I'm your host Jimmy Church.
On behalf of Josh,
we'll see you next time.
[AUDIO LOGO]